This is a provisional list of deadlines for significant portions of work in the thesis:

 2. Lit Review (general)
    To be written in parallel with other tasks, except for survey-style portions.
    To be started immediately

     2.1. Sampling in CL
        Considered a survey portion, provide 1-2wk of dedicated effort at the start,
        followed by parallel effort with rest of LR.  
        Allocate: 2 wk + 2-4wk.
        Depends on: 2.2.

     2.2. Formal Sampling
        A depdendency of many other review sections, rationales.
        Provide a week of dedicated effort, then parallel with thesis.
        Allocate: 2 wk + 2-4wk.

         2.2.1. Theoretical basis for corpopra
            This is to be the main focus of the week mentioned above

         2.2.2. Comparison of methods
            Cover quickly as part of 2.2, do just enough to justify position of thesis,
            then switch into parallel.

    2.3. New Technologies
       Another survey section, but probably easier to write.
       Should be first task in parallel stream (after week on sampling)
       Allocate: none (parallel)
       Depends on: none (but preferred after 2.2.1)

         2.3.1. Web Corpus Challenges
             This is an amalgam of many existing surveys.
             Work on in parallel
             Main bulk of 2.3.
             Start early (to justify thesis)
             Finish late (to smooth argument)
             

 3. Document Attrition Online
    Flows from lit review, start early.
    Requires long. data, end late.

     3.1. Methods for Sampling Web Data
         Survey with critical aspects.  
         Targeted and rhetorically motivated by 2.3.1 and 2.1
         Allocate: 3 wk
         Depends on: none (pref. 2.3.1, 2.1)

     3.2. LREC/Sharoff Motivational Papers
         Each of these needs addressing separately:

         LREC: 1 week to adapt/write up in place.
         Sharoff: 2-4wk to adapt method/write up, possible 6 mo to gather data (Jan-Aug preferred?)

     3.3. Longitudinal DA Study
         Aimed at journal.
         Using full year dataset from DA downloader
         Analysis alone may take a long time to run with big data.
         Writeup will be likely take this beyond sep. deadline if started in August.
         Allocate: 1-2mo
         Depends: data (August 2013)


 4. Sampling the Web
     Much of this reacts to arguments in 3, but time constraints demand it is not dependent.
     Work under presumption that 3.2 is motivation enough without 3.3.
     Provisional findings using augmented LREC data in 3.2 may help with narrative.

     4.1. Methods for Web Sampling
        It'd be nice if this section could be published as a single item.
        Discussion of the solutions may take time, targeted form of lit review.
        Parallelise with 2.2 for best match.
        Since this will justify the primary "solution" of the thesis, I'd like to consider it thoroughly.
        Allocate: 2-4wk

    4.2. Tools based on 4.1
        These will likely take a while to physically code in production-ready ways.
        Split into:
            Design: Allocate 1 week for design, depends on 4.1 and thus 2.2
            Implementation: 1mo, possibly broken into parts if multiple tools involved
            Evaluation Methods: 1 week for study design, partial writeup as an experiment
            Evaluation: 1-2 weeks for evaluation of tools.  Possibly dependent on longer data processes.
        *NB: possibly include separate discussion of evaluation methods.  FIXME: this bit needs more attention


 5. Repeating and Rebuilding
    Requires motivation from 3 and significant input from discussions in 4.1

    5.1. Describing a Sampling Policy
        Most theoretical bit, dependent on formal theory in 4.1, 2.2.1
        Links to open source corpora depend on 2.3, but should be done in paralle with 4 anyway.
        Allocate: 3-5wk to describe problem, enumerate methods

    5.2. Dissemination and Re-use
        More implementation, be it theoretical/proof of concept or production code.
        Focus on Rebuilding:

         5.2.1. Rebuilding a Corpus
            Most important to narrative (but algorithmically overlaps with 5.2.2.)
            Requires evaluation methods discussion again.
            Allocate: 1mo for establishing methods, writeup

         5.2.2. Reweighting a Corpus
            Informed by 5.2.1 methodologically.
            Allocate: 2-3wk, if 5.2.1's methods are suitable, ~1mo otherwise

    5.3. Evaluation of Dissemination Methods
        Discussion of evaluation methods informed by 5.2 (which are notionally more statistical, but
        perhaps these are in the wrong order in the thesis)
        This is notably hard.  5.3.1 alone is also hard, but relates strongly to 5.1
        Allocate: 1.5mo, but unsure until closer to the time.




